feat(tree): Promote TreeView transaction APIs from alpha to beta (#27592)
microsoft/FluidFramework: .changeset/wobbly-walruses-waltz.md

---
"@fluidframework/tree": minor
"fluid-framework": minor
"__section": tree
---
TreeView transaction APIs have been promoted to beta

The new `TreeViewBeta` interface exposes `runTransaction` and `runTransactionAsync` methods.

An `asBeta` helper is also provided for down-casting a `TreeView` to a `TreeViewBeta`, mirroring the existing `asAlpha` helper.

```typescript
import { asBeta } from "fluid-framework/beta";
// ...
const view = asBeta(tree.viewWith(config));
const result = view.runTransaction(() => {
	// ... make edits to the tree ...
});
if (result.success === false) {
	// ... handle the failed transaction ...
}
```

**Type Name Changes**

> With the introduction of new beta types, existing alpha types have been replaced with new alpha and beta variants.

Author: ```suggestion
With the introduction of new beta types, existing alpha types have been replaced with new alpha and beta variants.

```

---
"@fluidframework/tree": minor
"fluid-framework": minor
"__section": tree
---
TreeView transaction APIs have been promoted to beta

> The `TreeViewBeta` interface exposes `runTransaction` and `runTransactionAsync` methods.

Author: ```suggestion
The [TreeViewBeta](https://fluidframework.com/docs/api/fluid-framework/treeviewbeta-interface) interface exposes `runTransaction` and `runTransactionAsync` methods.
```

> The new `TreeViewBeta` interface exposes `runTransaction` and `runTransactionAsync` methods.

Author: ```suggestion
The `TreeViewBeta` interface exposes `runTransaction` and `runTransactionAsync` methods.
```

> An `asBeta` helper is also provided for down-casting a `TreeView` to a `TreeViewBeta`, mirroring the existing `asAlpha` helper.

Author: ```suggestion
The [asBeta](https://fluidframework.com/docs/api/fluid-framework/#asbeta-function) helper function can be used to down-cast a `TreeView` to a `TreeViewBeta`.
```
